<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
	<f:event type="preRenderView" listener="#{userBean.loginRedirect}" />
	<h:head>
		<title>SQL Tutor</title>
		<ui:insert name="menu">
			<ui:include src="/Menubar.xhtml" />
		</ui:insert>
	</h:head>
	<h:body>
		<div class="left">
			<h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="styles.css"/>
				<h:form id="registrationForm">
					<p:panel header="Register" styleClass="panel">
						<h:outputText value="Any field marked with an asterkisk (*) is required."/>
						<br/><br/>
						
						<h:panelGrid columns="2">
							<p:outputLabel for="email" value="*Email:" />
							<p:inputText required="true" id="email"
								requiredMessage="Please enter your email address."
								validatorMessage="Invalid email format."
								value="#{userBean.email}">
					  			<f:validateRegex
									pattern="^[_A-Za-z0-9-\+]+(\.[_A-Za-z0-9-]+)*@[A-Za-z0-9-]+(\.[A-Za-z0-9]+)*(\.[A-Za-z]{2,})$" />
							</p:inputText>
							
							<p:outputLabel value="*Password:" for="password"/>
							<p:password required="true" id="password"
								value="#{userBean.password}" label="Password 1" feedback="true"
								requiredMessage="Please enter your password."
								validatorMessage="Password length must be length greater than 2 and less than 13, and both entries must match."
								match="again">
								<f:validateLength minimum="3" maximum="12" />
							</p:password>
							
							<p:outputLabel value="*(again)" for="again" />
							<p:password required="true" label="Password 2" id="again"
								value="#{userBean.password}" 
								requiredMessage="Please enter your password (again)."/>
						</h:panelGrid>
						
						<p:captcha id="captcha" label="Captcha" required="true" secure="true" theme="white"/>   
						
						<p>By registering for and using this site, you agree to be bound by the consent form 
						   on the right.  Please read it carefully before submitting.</p>
						<p:commandButton value="Submit" ajax="false" action="#{userBean.register}" styleClass="panelbutton"/>
					</p:panel>
					<p:messages id="registrationMessages"/>
				</h:form>
			</div>
			<div class="middle"/>
			
			<div class="right">
				<p:panel header="Consent" styleClass="panel">
					<div><center><h2>Consent Agreement</h2></center></div>
					<p>
						<b>You are being asked to be a volunteer in a research 
						study. Participation is voluntary and neither 
						participation nor non-participation will affect your grade
						or class standing in any way.</b>
					</p><p>
						<b>Purpose:</b><br /> 
						The purpose of this study is to evaluate automated feedback 
						mechanisms in database education and to collect common error
						and success patterns.
					</p><p>
						<b>Exclusion/Inclusion Criteria:</b><br />
						All students enrolled in a database course who are 18 years of 
						age or older are eligible to participate.
					</p><p>
						<b>Procedures:</b><br />
						You will be provided access to an automated database query 
						practice and quizzing tool on a website. There is no fixed 
						session for using the website. You may choose to use the 
						tutorials and quizzes on the website as little or as much as you 
						like.
					</p><p>
						The data collected will include the logging of your activity: 
						questions attempted, the answers given, the success or failure 
						of each attempt, as well as metadata about the state of the 
						system, such as any automated feedback given by the system.
					</p><p>
						<b>Risks or Discomforts:</b><br />
						The risks involved are no greater than those involved in daily 
						activities such as attending class or programming.
					</p><p>
						<b>Benefits:</b><br />
						You may benefit from use of the website by increased study 
						and practice in materials relevant to the database course.
					</p><p>
						<b>Compensation to You:</b><br />
						There is no monetary compensation for participation.
					</p><p>
						<b>Confidentiality:</b><br />
						The following procedures will be followed to keep your personal 
						information confidential in this study: The data collected about 
						you will be kept private to the extent allowed by law. To 
						protect your privacy, your account information will be protected
						by a cryptographic hash. No personally identifiable information 
						about you will be stored in the system or used when results of 
						this study are presented or published. The website will be 
						hosted using SSL technology to encrypt and protect 
						communications between your computer and the web server. In
						general, the web server software will log as header lines the IP 
						address of the machine you use to access this page, 
						e.g.,102.403.506.807, but this information will not be linked to 
						your account nor stored by the web page software. Only the 
						research team will have access to server and application logs.
						To make sure that this research is being carried out in the 
						proper way, the Georgia Institute of Technology IRB may review
						study records. The Office of Human Research Protections may 
						also look over study records during required reviews.
					</p><p>
						<b>Costs to You:</b><br />
						There are no costs to you, other than your time, for being in this
						study.
					</p><p>
						<b>In Case of Injury/Harm:</b><br />
						If you are injured as a result of being in this study, please 
						contact the Principal Investigator (Mayur Naik), at telephone 
						(650) 521-6930. Neither the Principal Investigator nor Georgia
						Institute of Technology has made provision for payment of costs
						associated with any injury resulting from participation in this 
						study.
					</p>
						<b>Participant Rights:</b><br />
						<ul>
						<li>Your participation in this study is voluntary. You do not 
						have to be in this study if you don't want to be.</li>
						<li>You have the right to change your mind and leave the 
						study at any time without giving any reason and without 
						penalty.</li>
						<li>Any new information that may make you change your 
						mind about being in this study will be given to you.</li>
						</ul>
					<p>
						<b>Questions about the Study:</b><br />
						If you have any questions about the study, you may contact 
						Mayur Naik at telephone (650) 521-6930 or naik@ 
						cc.gatech.edu.
					</p><p>
						<b>Questions about Your Rights as a Research Participant:</b><br />
						If you have any questions about your rights as a research
						participant, you may contact 
						Ms. Melanie Clark, Georgia Institute of Technology
						Office of Research Compliance, at (404) 894-6942.
						By using the web site’s functionality, you indicate your consent 
						to be in the study.
					</p>
				</p:panel>
		</div>
	</h:body>
</html>